BDIO2 only with one code location (#572)
blackducksoftware/synopsys-detect: docs/markdown/releasenotes.md

### Changed features

* Cargo project dependency graphs are no longer post-processed to reduce Direct dependencies in the BOM.
* Removed the ability to upload BDIO2 documents to legacy endpoints via the now removed `blackduck.legacy.upload.enabled` property.
* Removed the ability to choose the type of BDIO aggregation strategy via the now removed `detect.bom.aggregate.remediation.mode` property. 

>   * All BDIO will be aggregated similar to SUBPROJECT in [solution_name] version 7.X.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * All BDIO will be aggregated similarly to if detect.bom.aggregate.remediation.mode=SUBPROJECT was set in [solution_name] version 7.X.
```
